Issue 962: update user mgmt docs (#1031)
raft-tech/TANF-app: docs/Technical-Documentation/user_role_management.md

### Group List

- Clicking on "Groups" from the Admin Home page gives you a list of all of the existing groups.

> - Current groups listed are "System Admin", "OFA Admin" , and "Data Prepper" (this will be updated when [#940](https://github.com/raft-tech/TANF-app/issues/940) is addressed).

Author: ```suggestion
- Current groups listed are "System Admin", "OFA Admin" , and "Data Analyst".
```

> 3.) After moving into the `tdpapp` directory, the admin will then have to set the alias for the python executable if it has not been set and execute the shell script to promote the existing user.

Author: @jtwillis92 @abottoms-coder, do the steps below need to be updated? I walked through these a couple of weeks ago and noticed at least line 152 seemed outdated?
